[Music]
[Applause]
I'm so high right now that I was holding
a tube of mascara because my new
obsession is putting on like 15 coats of
mascara and a tampon in the other hand
and I sat down on the toilet to change
my tampon whilst holding the tube of
mascara and almost put it in my vagina
instead of the tampon tsa just stopped
my bag after security and I asked the
lady why she just laughs and goes well
there's an alarming amount of peels at
the bottom of your bag
I should myself I left this mess a noob
at home and a blue PT Cruiser and then
had to pull over in an elementary school
parking lot to throw up while wearing
red nipple pasties at 8 a.m.
[Music]
love that for me
several weeks have passed now since the
Sniper Wolf video came out on this
channel and a few things have happened I
think it was the day after it came out
leah tweeted about how she sort of
almost kind of recognized in public all
the time which is actually a pretty good
setup to joke about her lack of editing
in real life being a disguise
then the thought patrol was covered on
drama alert by keemstar who admitted he
doesn't really like her very much either
a youtuber known as nerd City exposed
the goddess sniper wolf he uploaded a
video titled thought Patrol look I don't
like Sniper Wolf alright I'm not that
many people in the community really do I
mean lying talking trash and shortly
after that Sniper Wolf blocked me on
Twitter Oh sausage wolf uploaded a new
cosplay I know who cosplay next you
should this person right here cosplay
yes you should it's a fortnight cosplay
and people have been relentlessly
retweeting it at me tagging me
underneath the original post commenting
on YouTube videos describing it to me
trying to make sure that I see this
thing so I've seen it now and yes you're
right it does not take an expert to
notice that this is another editing mess
sausage wolf you suck at this kind of
editing just stop or get better you suck
you suck at this I can't believe you did
this one when you know that everyone's
looking for editing mistakes sucks this
up man well before we get into that
let's talk about what might be an ideal
way to respond when you get caught
tweaking your pictures James Charles is
a beauty guru on YouTube he was the
first male covergirl if you remember
that news story and he recently got
caught face tuning a french fry his fans
spotted it he admitted it he said he
made a mistake no big deal he's very
open about the fact that he faced tunes
and edits his pictures I just really
really love a photo editing and in my
opinion photo editing and retouching is
just as much of an art as actual makeup
itself on the other hand Sniper Wolf
tells her fans that she doesn't edit her
photos under people think I photoshopped
my face I don't have
time for that and she has a nasty
history of calling people out for
editing theirs so her captured I don't
plan on being a beauty queen but I do
know I'm beautiful being me I'm
beautiful being Photoshop Dan get caught
was it worth it
it wasn't what those loving likes I
didn't I swear it in Photoshop my fix
that my door my door just does that I
can understand why people want to drag
her on this fortnight photo and I guess
I kind of still do too big on thoughts
the thing is I'm not exactly anti
editing myself obviously I enjoy editing
content to make it look better and I I'm
at least neutral on the topic of editing
yourself to try and look good we're not
going to get rid of editing all of a
sudden it's only going to become more
prevalent and harder to tell the
compromise has to be just make the best
content you can you know do a good job
at it and tell the truth alright so just
at a glance what would you think she
edited what would you guess can you make
my booty bigger Kim K style I want to
make them she's jealous he thanks with
Instagram being what it is these days
and beauty standards trending a little
thick there are certain parts of the
body that you see getting edited over
and over on Instagram they're almost
always tweaked Instagram models want a
big caboose a thinner waist a bigger
chest and a lot of times skinny arms so
let's look at this photo
now the flash on the camera phone is
doing the thought patrol a big favor
here this kind of shadow is called a
halo shadow and it happens when your
brightest light source is facing the
subject because she's the same distance
away from the wall up and down her body
we should see a shadow that stays the
same thickness traveling up and down the
wall but of course not because this is
poorly edited so we're gonna see that in
those priority areas that we just
mentioned you'll see that the shadow
starts to take a bit of a walk
the shadow is very thin all of a sudden
right at the wide part of the hips and
it's very stretched out right at the
waist where you would tuck it in and
worst of all its stretched and pulled
like saltwater taffy right around the
chest when you fail everything you can't
even get this right it's a mess in there
this mess right here is what you could
easily call a Photoshop fail put it on
my computer Photoshop that send it back
to my phone post it on Instagram hello
you just listed exactly the steps of
what you don't do what would you call
that like an anti tutorial a denial
tutorial Oh incriminating that's what
you would call it self-incrimination
it's like if you get pulled over by a
cop and you say officer I did not just
quietly open a window silently slide
inside a house step over a vacuum
cleaner that was falling over in the
hallway
sneak up the stairs without making a
creak crack a safe remove the valuables
put them in the trunk of my car
I don't have time for that cop would be
like I pulled you over for speeding
please step out of your car and open the
trunk let's give her the benefit of the
doubt for a second and consider maybe
the Photoshop is part of the cosplay you
do see that sometimes no people will
change out the background to a fantasy
location or add flames something that
they couldn't replicate in person maybe
this Fortnight character is really top
heavy and really thick and that was
really the only way for alia to look
exactly the same ya know
[Music]
no one assumes that the kids from
stranger things no I just want to say
just write to me I think are writing the
show if you found out that One Direction
songs were written by committee I don't
think you'd be surprised there are
plenty of genres of entertainment where
the performers aren't assumed to be the
writers and the idea of lyrics being a
collaborative effort doesn't always
detract from the enjoy ability of a song
when pop stars look like models or are
really young or a band works together to
come up with the music seeing multiple
writing credits on a track is expected
good job
but rap music is different this is
called a hollow rymus the word hate is
carbon publishing in our famous
demonstrated in the perforated Labor's
in all flavors rap is so personality
driven and based on lyrical skill that
when someone says they're a fan of a
rapper it's just assumed they don't just
enjoy the melody of their backing music
they like the way that artist thinks her
staff can't even contain his excitement
talking about doom I bet a million
dollars on Duma gives a little wing what
are the whole rappers shut up and while
you shutting up put a shirt on at least
a button-up put up to all that will shut
up which is shutting up a super sir
yuck wrappers to the males out of work
services they shut down shipping mental
prowess is such a big part of what
people respect about a rapper obviously
right like freestyle rap and battle rap
show how quickly a rapper is able to
think on their feet and improvise and
some of the most successful rappers ever
like little Wayne and jay-z amaze
everyone with the fact that they don't
even physically write their lyrics down
they just store them and tinker with
them in their head clap that means
before you this you know something that
person can do buck 30 reps as he and Oh
forgive me one of them is ingenious
[Music]
functioning at that level is a creative
ability that goes all the way to the
point of genius so you see rappers being
graded on that scale or at least
expected to be somewhere on the creative
spectrum so for those reasons anytime
the rumor begins to circulate that a
rapper might not be the author of their
own lyrics like what happened with Drake
a couple years back it's a scandal their
stock begins the slide or tanks suddenly
it's damaging enough just to insinuate
that somebody else gives them bars
so when dm's were leaked that showed
that youtube rapper rice gum was being
sent his lyrics by another youtuber
named Jaquan rustle or disc god that was
an embarrassment for him for our first
story of today we have a huge story
probably the biggest story of the month
this one comes from rice gum okay so
basically there is this one guy called a
dis rapper he literally sent him like
all the verses literally the entire diss
track and then he shows here that rye
scam responded saying get me two more
lines so it looks like rice gum is like
asking him to basically make his diss
tracks for him rice gum was caught
red-handed by those screen caps and so
he had to admit that he pays his buddy
at least sometimes to write his lyrics
this is from Riesling himself the first
district I ever made he wrote the whole
thing because I had no idea how to even
rap he was compensated with money for
his time
rice gum obviously doesn't understand
what everyone's freaked
not about this one of the greatest
cultural offenders on this front has to
be one rice gum you can be a goofy
youtuber with no connections to hip hop
whatsoever take the tens of thousands of
dollars that you make a month on YouTube
hand some of it to a ghostwriter and
some of it to a producer and while he
did drop quite a few awful tracks this
year I have to specifically point out
his response track platinum song based
off of a totally awful track one of the
worst songs of last year he just oozes
this lack of self-confidence and you
can't really step on the mic and sound
like you have no self esteem and since
so few people really respected rice gum
as a rapper anyway that scandal just
kind of died down until the content cob
which put new heat on rice gum for using
and hiding a ghostwriter so as rice gum
prepared a diss track response he made a
point to record himself staying up late
in his bedroom writing the lyrics
himself with a magic pen that could
write upside down the prevailing thought
was that even if rice gum normally uses
a ghostwriter
he was definitely gonna write them
himself this time because he'd been
called out for it and he was under a
microscope well he didn't he didn't
write it himself he still didn't and the
proof of that hit the ACE and BMI
songwriters registries a couple months
ago first let's look at a random jay-z
track just to show you how this works
the song is called a ballad for the
fallen soldier and so you have performer
jay-z and then under writers you have
jay-z and The Neptunes Chad and Pharrell
the beat makers now let's look at rice
gums response to the content cop no rice
gum under songwriters between the ASCAP
and BMI credits there's a hundred
percent ownership of this song
represented here under songwriter
there's no Bryan Lee rice gum and there
isn't even Jaquan rustle disk god but
there are these names Yusuf Ali the
owner of a company called sift and Dylan
Rupp a rapper affiliated with sift who
apparently anyone can hire to ghost
write a rap song for as little as $100
Indiana
my bag like a pack the fact that there
were multiple writers working on this
track who may have had a limited
understanding of who they were even
talking about or who they were dissing
was kind of obvious in the song itself
if you remember there were multiple
insults that were contradictory
[Music]
snitching and NWA aren't exactly
peanut-butter-and-jelly the lyrics felt
cobbled together the song barely made
any sense but we could only speculate
about why it was such a failure until
now and just as a side note the only
songwriter listed $4 in the woods is
keemstar believe it or not it's true you
know keemstar the song is called dollar
in the woods we've been enjoying making
sponsored videos lately on this channel
you know having the devil recommend
making website can't make you phone
having a cross-dressing doctor
disrespect shilling razor blades but I'm
more excited than ever to tell you about
this sponsor because this site is
already what we're doing on this channel
skills share is sponsoring this video
like this is an ad read but look at me I
love it
I'm actually blown away by this site
some people I know will call me or text
me when there's something they don't
know how to do particularly related to
software or computers for whatever
reason and I'll tell them if I know how
to do it but just as often I'll have to
tell them I don't know how to do that I
have no idea how to do that and they'll
go oh and I'll say but if I did want to
know how to do that
I would probably watch a tutorial or
take a class on it somewhere because
that's what I do that's my secret cat
I'm always watching tutorials YouTube's
an OK resource you can search it and
find a lot of tutorials often though
it's they can be a little hard to
understand it'll be you know maybe a
child explaining I use Adobe Premiere or
someone where English isn't their first
language skills share however is a
community of high end tutorials that are
very easy to follow along with when you
sign up you click through categories and
you pick areas of interest I picked
areas that were
to me and right away it started feeding
me classes that I would be interested in
and we're gonna where we're with tight I
watched a few from this guy Aaron drop
'ln this big old Santa Claus in the
making from Oregon he's awesome I've
never been more ready to design
something my whole life I used what I
learned from his tutorials about custom
type to make part of the intro that you
saw to this video make it clean make it
dirty make it rounded Here I am
injecting hot lava molten graphic design
knowledge great deep inside each runner
this site is us a lot of the work I do
I've watched a few hours of classes on
here so far and I can tell I'm only just
starting to dig in I've saved classes I
haven't watched yet on using duotones
and Photoshop
there's Instagram marketing social media
strategies definitive guide to t-shirt
design and manufacturing I need to watch
that I can't wait I've legit loved this
site I went through the process of
signing up to check out this site myself
and I noticed that you can get a free
trial by default if you do it normally
you get one free month but if you follow
the link below that they gave me four
nerd City you get two free months the
page changes automatically to give you a
better deal
so please do use that it helps you me
and them if you use that link because
it's so important for brands to know
like what advertising is working they're
happy to give you a better deal coming
through here it's free to try for a
month but even if you were to splurge
and buy a year's access to all of their
classes
it still works out to be cheaper than a
single college textbook that's a great
price before we go I actually have a
tutorial for PewDiePie the more of a
question really
[Music]
why so damn lazy boy
lips chin nose what else she got done